Add `KEL LAN Tournament 3` news post (#12433)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-11-17-kel-lan-tournament-3.md

[Signups](https://forms.gle/Kgzww5LPQuwiJMBTA) are open and will run until the **2nd of December**, and the Qualifiers will take place online between **4th–18th December**.

*If you signed up for the tournament, you need to join the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR)! Travel and accommodation expenses are the responsibility of participants and are not covered by the hosts.*

This 2-day event during **February 8th-9th** features a major tournament alongside bundle of side events, all streamed from the [KEL3](https://www.twitch.tv/kinguin_lounge) Twitch channel!

## Schedule

| Event | Timestamp (UTC) |
| --: | :-- |
| **Registrations** | October 8th - December 2nd 2024 |
| **Qualifiers** | December 4th - December 18th 2024 |
| **Day 1** | February 8th 2025 (10:00 - 18:00) |
| **Day 2** | February 9th 2025 (10:00 - 18:00) |

## Prizes

> The total prize pool of **610 PLN** will be awarded to the **top 3 players**, along with exciting physical prizes, including the **Wooting UwU Keypads**!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total prize pool of **610 PLN** will be awarded to the **top 3 players**, along with exciting physical prizes.
```
The exact physical prizes are already mentioned below.

| Placement | Prizes |
| :-: | :-- |
| 1st | **Wooting UwU RGB Stealth Keypad** (courtesy of Wooting), 48% of the prizepool,  profile badge (pending) |
| 2nd | **Wooting UwU Keypad** (courtesy of Wooting), 32% of the prizepool |
| 3rd | 16% of the prizepool |

## 1v1 double-elimination tournament

The stage is set for an exciting showdown where every match counts. In this fun and fierce 1v1 double-elimination tournament, players will face off in a battle of skill, with every click adding to the excitement and bringing them one step closer to victory!

Below is the bracket schedule:

| Day | Brackets |
| --: | :-- |
| **Day 1** | Round of 32, Round of 16, Quarterfinals |
| **Day 2** | Semifinals, Finals, Grand Finals |

## Side events

During the breaks between or after tournament matches, we'll be hosting a variety of fun side events. Stay tuned for more details coming your way soon!

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---
layout: post

> title: KEL LAN Tournament 3

Reviewer 2: feels barren with just the tournament name, and signups didnt open that long ago so its fine to use this as an announcement 
```suggestion
title: "KEL LAN Tournament 3: Signups Now Open!"
```

Reviewer 3: Signups are opened since October 8th, and I don't think adding "Signups Now Open!" is a good idea tbh

Reviewer 2: maybe something about signups closing soon then? @Walavouchey thoughts on this?

Reviewer 3: well signups are closing on December 2nd so this might work

Author: eh, pretty sure we've had similar tournament titles before (without subtitle)

i think this would work too

```suggestion
title: "KEL LAN Tournament 3: Registrations Open!"
```

Reviewer 2: the above suggestions is fine as well

date: 2024-11-17 12:00:00 +0000
---

> Calling all Circle Clickers to Poland! For the third iteration of KEL Tournament, a major in-person tournament with special guests!

Reviewer 2: reads less awkward
```suggestion
Attention, Circle Clickers! Join us in Poland for the third edition of the KEL Tournament — an exciting in-person major event featuring special guests!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-17-kel-lan-tournament-3/banner.jpg)

KEL3 is a **2-day LAN** tournament at **Kinguin Esports Lounge in Gdańsk, Poland**, standing as the largest event of its kind in the country, where top-tier competition meets an incredible community experience

> Depending on amount of **accepted invites** by **special guests**, only **certain amount** of people will **qualify** to the tournament.

Reviewer 4: that's a lot of bolded words?

Reviewer 3: I can fix that if it's really neccesary.

> KEL3 is a **2-day LAN** tournament at **Kinguin Esports Lounge in Gdańsk, Poland**, standing as the largest event of its kind in the country, where top-tier competition meets an incredible community experience
> 
> Depending on amount of accepted invites by special guests, only certain amount of people will qualify to the tournament.
> ***Travel and Accommodation expenses are the responsibility of participants and are not covered by the hosts.***

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KEL3 is a **2-day LAN** tournament located at the **Kinguin Esports Lounge in Gdańsk, Poland**, standing as the largest event of its kind in the country, where top-tier competition meets an incredible community experience. Depending on the amount of accepted invites by special guests, only certain amount of people will qualify to the tournament.
```

> [Signups](https://forms.gle/Kgzww5LPQuwiJMBTA) are open and will run until the **2nd of December**.
> 
> Qualifiers will take place online between **4th–18th December**.
> 
> **If you signed up for the tournament, you need to join the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR)!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Signups](https://forms.gle/Kgzww5LPQuwiJMBTA) are open and will run until the **2nd of December**, and the Qualifiers will take place online between **4th–18th December**.

**If you signed up for the tournament, you need to join the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR)!
**Travel and Accommodation expenses are the responsibility of participants and are not covered by the hosts.**
```

| **Day 1** | February 8th 2025 (10:00 - 18:00) |
| **Day 2** | February 9th 2025 (10:00 - 18:00) |

## Prizes

The total prize pool of **610 PLN** will be awarded to the **top 3 players**, along with exciting physical prizes, including the **Wooting UwU Keypads**!

| Placement | Prizes |
| :-: | :-- |
| 1st | **Wooting UwU RGB Stealth Keypad** (courtesy of Wooting), 48% of the prizepool,  profile badge (pending) |
| 2nd | **Wooting UwU Keypad** (courtesy of Wooting), 32% of the prizepool |
| 3rd | 16% of the prizepool |

## 1v1 double-elimination tournament

The stage is set for an exciting showdown where every match counts. In this fun and fierce 1v1 double-elimination tournament, players will face off in a battle of skill, with every click adding to the excitement and bringing them one step closer to victory!

Below is the bracket schedule:

| Day | Brackets |
| --: | :-- |
| **Day 1** | Round of 32, Round of 16, Quarterfinals |
| **Day 2** | Semifinals, Finals, Grand Finals |

## Side events

During the breaks between or after tournament matches, we'll be hosting a variety of fun side events. Stay tuned for more details coming your way soon!

> ## Special guests
> 
> Wondering who'll be joining the action? Take a look at our first guest reveal:
> 
> <div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
>     <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videonotdoneyet" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
> </div>
> 
> And that's just the beginning—more special guests will be announced soon! Stay tuned on our [**Discord**](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR) for all the latest updates!

Reviewer 2: id nuke this and move it under the participants heading because you talk about them twice currently
```suggestion
```

> And that's just the beginning—more special guests will be announced soon! Stay tuned on our [**Discord**](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR) for all the latest updates!

Reviewer 2: maybe bolding hyperlinks is a tad bit unnecessary, subjective though
```suggestion
And that's just the beginning—more special guests will be announced soon! Stay tuned on our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR) for all the latest updates!
```

Reviewer 3: bolding hyperlinks imo is ok

Reviewer 2: lets wait for additional opinions, i feel this kinda falls under peppy's original comment about too many things being bolded, hyperlinked text is already clearly distinguished by it's purple color so to me its a bit excessive

Author: removed

> ## Participants
> 
> This year's tournament brings an exciting twist—special guests will be joining the competition! Qualify, and you'll have the chance to go head-to-head with top players and special guests alike.
> 
> It's more than just a tournament; it's an opportunity to prove yourself alongside some of the most respected names in the community.
> Ready to rise to the challenge?
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Participants

This year's tournament brings an exciting twist—special guests will be joining the competition! Qualify, and you'll have the chance to go head-to-head with top players and special guests alike. Take a look at our first guest reveal:

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videonotdoneyet" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

KEL3 is more than just a tournament; it's an opportunity to prove yourself alongside some of the most respected names in the community.
Are you ready to rise to the challenge?

```

---

> For all the finer details, check out the [**forum post**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1987674?n=1) and be sure to join our [**Discord Server**](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR) to stay up-to-date with the latest announcements, guest reveals, and event surprises.

Reviewer 2: feel free to dismiss if you dont agree on the above hyperlink comment
```suggestion
For all the finer details, check out the [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1987674?n=1) and be sure to join our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/TSgMXsaZRR) to stay up-to-date with the latest announcements, guest reveals, and event surprises.
```

See you at the event!

> —myksmyks & flapczek

Reviewer 2: i usually like to sort them A-Z
```suggestion
—flapczek & myksmyks
```

Reviewer 5: Placement like that was intentional as i was the one that started the whole thing and flapczek joined me for the 3rd iteration, so if possible would rather to make it stay with me first (small things count ;p)

Reviewer 2: @Walavouchey can an exception be made here?

Author: it's not like there was a rule. whatever makes sense or sounds best is how i've thought of it

Reviewer 2: feel free to dismiss this then
